MTM-50155: Updated example microservices for java (#903)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/troubleshooting.md

##### When trying to build an application I get a "BeanCreationException: Error creating bean with name methodSecurityInterceptor" error

> This is caused mainly by versions incompatibility between the SDK and Spring Boot specified in your _pom.xml_ file. If you want to use a recent version of the SDK, for example, 1016.0.0, the version of Spring Boot must be 2.x.y.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is caused mainly by versions incompatibility between the SDK and Spring Boot specified in your _pom.xml_ file. If you want to use a recent version of the SDK, for example, 1016.0.0, the version of Spring Boot must be compatible or equal to version 2.5.4.
```
